Well so over the last lectures, we learned a lot about outputting data, listening to events, transforming
data, dynamically recalculating properties with computed properties, watching our properties and much
more. All the time
we used syntax like this, v-on for events and v-bind for binding to attributes of our elements here,
like the ref element.
Now if you use that and you're going to use this a lot, there is a shortcut, a short a way of writing
this. For events,
you can replace v-on and the colon with an @ sign, vuejs will recognize this and behind the scenes, rendered
it or treat it as v-on colon
but with @ click, we're basically saying at the click event, do the following,
so it's the same as v-on and then colon, just a shorter way of writing it.
And for v-bind, we get a similar shortcut, we can remove v-bind and just use colon
ref, so the code now is exactly the same as before but a bit shorter
and for the rest of course, I will use the shorter code as there is nothing wrong with it
and why not save some characters especially since
I believe this syntax is very readable as well.
So that's just something to be aware of.